temperatura muy_baja Y humedad muy_humeda ENTONCES ventilacion muy_baja
temperatura muy_baja Y humedad humeda ENTONCES ventilacion muy_baja
temperatura muy_baja Y humedad normal ENTONCES ventilacion baja
temperatura muy_baja Y humedad seca ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura muy_baja Y humedad muy_seca ENTONCES ventilacion media

temperatura baja Y humedad muy_humeda ENTONCES ventilacion muy_baja
temperatura baja Y humedad humeda ENTONCES ventilacion baja
temperatura baja Y humedad normal ENTONCES ventilacion baja
temperatura baja Y humedad seca ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura baja Y humedad muy_seca ENTONCES ventilacion media

temperatura  media Y humedad  muy_humeda ENTONCES ventilacion baja
temperatura  media Y humedad  humeda ENTONCES ventilacion baja
temperatura  media Y humedad  normal ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura  media Y humedad  seca ENTONCES ventilacion alta
temperatura  media Y humedad  muy_seca ENTONCES ventilacion alta

temperatura  alta Y humedad muy_humeda ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura  alta Y humedad humeda ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura  alta Y humedad normal ENTONCES ventilacion alta
temperatura  alta Y humedad seca ENTONCES ventilacion muy_alta
temperatura  alta Y humedad muy_seca ENTONCES ventilacion muy_alta

temperatura muy_alta Y humedad muy_humeda ENTONCES ventilacion media
temperatura muy_alta Y humedad humeda ENTONCES ventilacion alta
temperatura muy_alta Y humedad normal ENTONCES ventilacion alta
temperatura muy_alta Y humedad seca ENTONCES ventilacion muy_alta
temperatura muy_alta Y humedad muy_seca ENTONCES ventilacion muy_alta